feat(@endo/harden): Lightweight pre-lockdown hardened module support (#2976)
endojs/endo: packages/harden/README.md

transitively freezes an object and all of the objects that are reachable by
walking up chains of properties and prototypes.
All the primordials like `Array.prototype` and `Object` are frozen in
this environment, which gives your module a place to stand toward its own
defense.
Then, with [LavaMoat](https://github.com/lavamoat/lavamoat), each package
is credibly isolated and only receives the subset of globals and host modules
it needs to function.
That is, we can enforce [Principle of Least
Authority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege).
But, that leaves the module to use `harden` to freeze all its exports and
anything it returns that might be shared by other packages that use it.

In order to provide type information about the global `harden` in lockded-down
HardenedJS, and also to make it possible for hardened modules to be used
outside HardenedJS, the `@endo/harden` package exports a `harden` function that
can be used either way.

```js
import { harden } from '@endo/harden';

export const myFunction = () => {};
harden(myFunction);

export const MyConstructor = function MyConstructor() {};

> harden(MyConstructor.prototype);

Reviewer: I may be off-base, but this line seems a little misleading, IIUC the latest `harden` design.  Under HardenedJS, isn't it supposed to at the very least recurse over own properties (i.e. `Reflect.ownKeys(obj)`), but not prototypes (i.e. `Reflect.getPrototypeOf(obj)`)?

With that in mind, `harden(MyConstructor.prototype)` seems completely redundant, since `.prototype` is an own property of `MyConstructor`, since it will be hardened upon calling `harden(MyConstructor)`.

Reading further, the proposed pre-lockdown `harden` is a no-op.  If it's never recursive (not even under HardenedJS), it just seems like an attractive nuisance.

Author: I think you are right that this is not a good example. I may need to appeal to @mhofman for a good example of a case where a defensively hardened module accidentally leaves something mutable exposed until the first instance is hardened. I’m likely confused and it’s possible that such a case is only possible with a speculatively different combination of alternative harden behaviors.

harden(MyConstructor);
```

By avoiding the export of hoisted `function` and `var` declarations and by
immediately calling `harden` on any exposed function (or prototype thereof!) we
leave no window of opportunity for another module to alter our exports.

> Depending on whether the objects our functions return to be shared by multiple
> parties (like memoized objects), a hardened module author should consider
> hardening those objects too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a function's return value is meant to be shared by multiple parties (such as memoized objects), a hardened module author should harden the value before the function returns it (`return harden(value);`).
```
